---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcloud_images Data Source - hcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a list of Hetzner Storage Images.
  It is recommended to always provide the image architecture (using ''with_architecture'').
  See the Image API documentation https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/cloud#images for more details.
---

# hcloud_images (Data Source)

Provides a list of Hetzner Storage Images.

It is recommended to always provide the image architecture (using ''with_architecture'').

See the [Image API documentation](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/cloud#images) for more details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcloud_images" "by_architecture" {
  with_architecture = ["x86"]
}

data "hcloud_images" "by_label" {
  with_selector = "key=value"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `include_deprecated` (Boolean) Include deprecated images.
- `most_recent` (Boolean) Sort results by created date.
- `with_architecture` (String) Filter results by architecture, for example `x86` (default) or `arm`.
- `with_selector` (String) Filter results using a [Label Selector](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/hetzner#label-selector).
- `with_status` (Set of String) Filter results by statuses, for example `creating` or `available`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `images` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images))

<a id="nestedatt--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images`

Read-Only:

- `architecture` (String) CPU architecture compatible with the Image.
- `created` (String) Point in time when the Image was created (in RFC3339 format).
- `deprecated` (String) Point in time when the Image was marked as deprecated (in RFC3339 format).
- `description` (String) Description of the Image.
- `id` (Number) ID of the Image.
- `labels` (Map of String) User-defined [labels](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/cloud#labels) (key-value pairs) for the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the Image, only present when the type is `system`.
- `os_flavor` (String) Flavor of the operating system contained in the Image.
- `os_version` (String) Version of the operating system contained in the Image.
- `rapid_deploy` (Boolean) Whether the Image is optimized for a rapid deployment.
- `type` (String) Type of the Image, for example `system`, `backup` or `snapshot`.
