---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcloud_load_balancer_services Data Source - hcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a list of Hetzner Cloud Load Balancer Services.
---

# hcloud_load_balancer_services (Data Source)

Provides a list of Hetzner Cloud Load Balancer Services.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `load_balancer_id` (Number) ID of Load Balancer to fetch services from.

### Read-Only

- `services` (Attributes List) List of the Load Balancer's services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services))

<a id="nestedatt--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services`

Read-Only:

- `destination_port` (Number) Port the Load Balancer will balance to.
- `health_check` (Attributes) Service health check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services--health_check))
- `http` (Attributes) Configuration for http(s) protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services--http))
- `id` (String) ID of the Load Balancer Service. Format: `<load_balancer_id>__<listen_port>`
- `listen_port` (Number) Port the Load Balancer listens on.
- `load_balancer_id` (Number) ID of the Load Balancer this Service belongs to.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the Load Balancer. One of `tcp`, `http`, `https`.
- `proxyprotocol` (Boolean) Whether the PROXY protocol is enabled.

<a id="nestedatt--services--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services.health_check`

Read-Only:

- `http` (Attributes) Additional configuration for protocol http. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services--health_check--http))
- `interval` (Number) Time interval in seconds health checks are performed.
- `port` (Number) Port the health check will be performed on.
- `protocol` (String) Type of the health check. One of `tcp`, `http`.
- `retries` (Number) Unsuccessful retries needed until a target is considered unhealthy; an unhealthy target needs the same number of successful retries to become healthy again.
- `timeout` (Number) Time in seconds after an attempt is considered a timeout.

<a id="nestedatt--services--health_check--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services.health_check.http`

Read-Only:

- `domain` (String) Host header to send in the HTTP request.
- `path` (String) HTTP path to use for health checks.
- `response` (String) String that must be contained in HTTP response in order to pass the health check.
- `status_codes` (List of String) List of returned HTTP status codes in order to pass the health check. Supports the wildcards ? for exactly one character and * for multiple ones.
- `tls` (Boolean) Use HTTPS for health check.



<a id="nestedatt--services--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services.http`

Read-Only:

- `certificate_ids` (List of Number) IDs of the Certificates to use for TLS/SSL termination by the Load Balancer; empty for TLS/SSL passthrough.
- `cookie_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime of the cookie used for sticky sessions (in seconds).
- `cookie_name` (String) Name of the cookie used for sticky sessions.
- `redirect_http` (Boolean) Redirect HTTP requests to HTTPS.
- `sticky_sessions` (Boolean) Whether to use sticky sessions.
- `timeout_idle` (Number) Idle timeout in seconds for the client and server side.
