---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcloud_storage_boxes Data Source - hcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a list of Hetzner Storage Boxes.
  See the Storage Boxes API documentation https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/hetzner#storage-boxes for more details.
  Experimental: Storage Box support is experimental, breaking changes may occur within minor releases.
  See TODO for more details.
---

# hcloud_storage_boxes (Data Source)

Provides a list of Hetzner Storage Boxes.

See the [Storage Boxes API documentation](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/hetzner#storage-boxes) for more details.

**Experimental:** Storage Box support is experimental, breaking changes may occur within minor releases.
See TODO for more details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcloud_storage_boxes" "all" {
}

data "hcloud_storage_boxes" "by_label_selector" {
  with_selector = "env=production"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `with_selector` (String) Filter results using a [Label Selector](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/cloud#label-selector)

### Read-Only

- `storage_boxes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_boxes))

<a id="nestedatt--storage_boxes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_boxes`

Read-Only:

- `access_settings` (Attributes) Access settings of the Storage Box. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_boxes--access_settings))
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Whether delete protection is enabled.
- `id` (Number) ID of the Storage Box.
- `labels` (Map of String) User-defined [labels](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/cloud#labels) (key-value pairs) for the resource.
- `location` (String) Name of the Location.
- `name` (String) Name of the Storage Box.
- `server` (String) FQDN of the Storage Box.
- `snapshot_plan` (Attributes) Details of the active snapshot plan. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_boxes--snapshot_plan))
- `storage_box_type` (String) Name of the Storage Box Type.
- `system` (String) Host system of the Storage Box.
- `username` (String) Primary username of the Storage Box.

<a id="nestedatt--storage_boxes--access_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_boxes.access_settings`

Read-Only:

- `reachable_externally` (Boolean) Whether access from outside the Hetzner network is allowed.
- `samba_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Samba subsystem is enabled.
- `ssh_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the SSH subsystem is enabled.
- `webdav_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the WebDAV subsystem is enabled.
- `zfs_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the ZFS snapshot folder is visible.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_boxes--snapshot_plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_boxes.snapshot_plan`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_month` (Number) Day of the month when the Snapshot Plan is executed. Null means every day.
- `day_of_week` (Number) Day of the week when the Snapshot Plan is executed. Starts at 0 for Sunday til 6 for Saturday. Note that this differs from the API, which uses 1 (Monday) through 7 (Sunday). Null means every day.
- `hour` (Number) Hour when the Snapshot Plan is executed (UTC).
- `max_snapshots` (Number) Maximum amount of Snapshots that will be created by this Snapshot Plan. Older Snapshots will be deleted.
- `minute` (Number) Minute when the Snapshot Plan is executed (UTC).
