---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcloud_storage_box Resource - hcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Hetzner Storage Box resource.
  See the Storage Box API documentation https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/hetzner#storage-boxes for more details.
  Experimental: Storage Box support is experimental, breaking changes may occur within minor releases.
  See https://github.com/hetznercloud/terraform-provider-hcloud/issues/1285 for more details.
---

# hcloud_storage_box (Resource)

Provides a Hetzner Storage Box resource.

See the [Storage Box API documentation](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/hetzner#storage-boxes) for more details.

**Experimental:** Storage Box support is experimental, breaking changes may occur within minor releases.
See https://github.com/hetznercloud/terraform-provider-hcloud/issues/1285 for more details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcloud_storage_box" "backups" {
  name             = "backups"
  storage_box_type = "bx21"
  location         = "hel1"
  password         = var.storage_box_password

  labels = {
    "foo" : "bar"
  }

  access_settings = {
    reachable_externally = true
    samba_enabled        = true
    ssh_enabled          = true
    webdav_enabled       = true
    zfs_enabled          = true
  }

  snapshot_plan = {
    max_snapshots = 10
    minute        = 16
    hour          = 18
    day_of_week   = 3
  }

  delete_protection = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (String) Name of the Location.
- `name` (String) Name of the Storage Box.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the Storage Box. For more details, see the [Storage Boxes password policy](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/hetzner#storage-boxes-password-policy).
- `storage_box_type` (String) Name of the Storage Box Type.

### Optional

- `access_settings` (Attributes) Access settings of the Storage Box. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_settings))
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Prevent the Storage Box from being accidentally deleted outside of Terraform.
- `labels` (Map of String) User-defined [labels](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/reference/cloud#labels) (key-value pairs) for the resource.
- `snapshot_plan` (Attributes) Details of the active snapshot plan. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshot_plan))
- `ssh_keys` (Set of String) SSH public keys in OpenSSH format to inject into the Storage Box. Any changes to this attribute are ignored, as it is not possible to update the SSH Keys through the API, please add the SSH Keys manually on the Storage Box if you need to change them.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) ID of the Storage Box.
- `server` (String) FQDN of the Storage Box.
- `system` (String) Host system of the Storage Box.
- `username` (String) Primary username of the Storage Box.

<a id="nestedatt--access_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_settings`

Optional:

- `reachable_externally` (Boolean) Whether access from outside the Hetzner network is allowed.
- `samba_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Samba subsystem is enabled.
- `ssh_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the SSH subsystem is enabled.
- `webdav_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the WebDAV subsystem is enabled.
- `zfs_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the ZFS snapshot folder is visible.


<a id="nestedatt--snapshot_plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot_plan`

Required:

- `hour` (Number) Hour when the Snapshot Plan is executed (UTC).
- `max_snapshots` (Number) Maximum amount of Snapshots that will be created by this Snapshot Plan. Older Snapshots will be deleted.
- `minute` (Number) Minute when the Snapshot Plan is executed (UTC).

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) Day of the month when the Snapshot Plan is executed. Null means every day.
- `day_of_week` (Number) Day of the week when the Snapshot Plan is executed. Starts at 0 for Sunday til 6 for Saturday. Note that this differs from the API, which uses 1 (Monday) through 7 (Sunday). Null means every day.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = hcloud_storage_box.example
  id = "$STORAGE_BOX_ID"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import hcloud_storage_box.example "$STORAGE_BOX_ID"
```
